I have to get to the truth of what
happened that night I am for truth no
matter who tells it I'm for justice no
matter who is for or against 18 years
ten months twenty four days that's how
long Warren cave has sat in prison for
the murder of Jeff Berman I helped seal
Warren's fate with a series of articles
but is there an innocent man in prison
and did I need that charge
[Music]
portrayed me as a privileged psychopath
now I live in a house for a man Oh
breathe to lie and I could smell yours
before you even started talking how
could a mother and two daughters sleep
through such a violent encounter yeah
they never recovered the murder weapon
are you hiding leave it where I can make
your life miserable in here there is a
monster inside every one of us you
terrified me what about you what's in
there
we're playing with people's lives
are you ready for the consequences you
think all the secrets cannot turn the
trap you tell Parnell back away you
messed with a family you have no idea
what I've done for my daughter's
families they take care of each other
[Music]
I have to get to the truth of what
happened that night
people get their show
[Music]
you